hi Otto travelers this is Lynne david
cole with auto travel TV today I'm here
with a Silverado 1500 Texas edition and
this has a crew cab it's a beautifully
styled vehicle it has 17 inch chrome
wheels and a lot of other features that
I'll tell you about in a moment our test
model comes with a Vortech 5.3 liter v8
SFI engine mated to a six-speed
automatic transmission the 15-under
Sierra is more than a pretty face with
its power rack and pinion steering a box
frame design locking rear differential
multi-leaf rear springs and a tire
pressure maintenance system the 1500
Silverado gives you styling links you
can be proud of at the end of a hard
day's work when you go out to have a
little bit of fun this sense of pride is
extended with the beautiful badging that
says Texas Edition on the side and the
rear in the rear of the beautifully
styled 60/40 leather seats give you more
than ample seating for three adults in
the front you'll find it the leather
covered seats are very comfortable and
you'll love the leather covered steering
wheel I always love 1500 series pickup
trucks because they're just the right
size to give you a great ride and they
have good carrying capacity reasonable
towing capacity and this isn't this
vehicle we have the crew cabin that
gives you all the room that you need if
you want to ride your family around and
the cab it's a six-foot bed which is a
very nice compromise for hauling stuff
and you can always drop the tailgate if
you need to carry something a little
longer and this is this has been a great
vehicle I get about 15 miles to go
around town I'm about to 21 on the road
if you have any comments that you'd like
to leave please leave them down below
also please subscribe to us so you can
get our videos as they come out thank
you for watching this is Lynne david
cole with auto travel TV see you next
time
you